After discussing the importance of narrative as a class each of you joined your groups and shared the stories you have been working on all week. It was pretty neat to hear some of your guy's stories. They were quite good, although some were a little dark :(

After sharing stories in groups each person received feedback to use for their revisions which are due Monday (more on that below). We rounded off the day with donuts that Nick somehow acquired while bouncing around to the different groups.

Don't forget that Tuesday night is "Real Community Hot Mic Night" and takes place at 7 pm in the Great Reading Room of Seerley Hall. Nick will be reading and I will be organizing a group. You should come! I'll let you guys know more via E-mail on Monday and I'll also remind you during class. It would be an awesome opportunity for a check plus!


Homework: Bear with me with this, I need to get some housekeeping stuff out of the way.

First, you should read Harrison Bergeron by Kurt Vonnegut. Read through the story and be ready to talk about it! In addition to that make sure you bring a few shorthand thoughts that you recorded about the story. Much like a rundown, but smaller. Just type something up real quick after reading the story. --PDF of Harrison Bergeron -- 

Here's a youtube audiobook if you prefer.

Also for Monday, you should bring another copy of the story you shared today, but revise it. Take the feedback you got from your group members and go back and edit your piece of fiction. On Monday you will bring two different copies: the one you shared today and the edited version. There's also an opportunity for a check plus here. If you go beyond the call of duty and you record yourself reading your story a few times it will become easier to understand what needs to be changed. If you send nick a few audio recordings from during your edit process and he can see what you decided to change when looking at your new versions you will get a check plus. I'd mention in the audio "I didn't like how X sentence sounded so I'm going to change it" at the end of the file!

Also for Monday... print the following student services Pdf's off and bring them to class. We'll talk about them. This is also a reminder that we have a student services session next Wednesday in the commons. It will be about changing majors, major declarations, and choosing a career path. Although you will need to complete one of the handouts before the student services session you don't need to complete it before class on Monday.
-- Student services handout 1--
-- Student services handout 2--
-- Student services handout 3--

With all this due Monday you won't be required to turn in an annotation like usual. So the annotations are due on Friday! The same process as before. Find an article and annotate it. I will be sending out ALL this info as well as the PDF's via e-mail so keep an eye out!

Have a good weekend and stay out of Sharky's!